document kubernetes executor in enterprise docs (#1420)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/localstack-enterprise/kubernetes-executor/index.md

---
title: "Kubernetes Executor"
weight: 5
description: >
  Configuring Kubernetes Executor for compute services in LocalStack Enterprise
tags: ["Enterprise plan"]
---

## Introduction

## EC2 Kubernetes Executor

The LocalStack Enterprise image allows you to run EC2 instances on Kubernetes.
You can do so by setting the `EC2_VM_MANAGER` environment variable to `kubernetes` in the LocalStack container.

The following operations are supported:

| Operation            | Notes                                  |
| :------------------- | :------------------------------------- |
| `DescribeInstances`  | Returns all EC2 instances              |
| `RunInstances`       | Defines and starts an EC2 instance     |
| `StartInstances`     | Starts an already defined EC2 instance |
| `StopInstances`      | Stops a running EC2 instance           |
| `TerminateInstances` | Stops and undefines a EC2 instance     |

> The current implementation does not support volume management, AMIs, or the SSH functionality available in the `docker` or `libvirt` executors.
> For more information, see the [EC2 VM Managers]({{< ref "ec2#vm-managers" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current implementation is in preview and does not support volumes, custom AMIs, or networking features available in other VM managers.
```
